---
share: true
uwp: 0104 0104 B745522-7 Ag Ni 514 Na
---

# Description
Not the most dangerous of geography and atmosphere. With basic filters it's possible to live a fairly straight-forward life.
The relatively small population uses agriculture as it's main source of wealth, with land availability, water and low-gravity providing excellent conditions for high crop yields.
The government has spent money on infrastructure specifically for trade, including a well appointed starport. With 4 gas giants nearby the world is also somewhat of a service station/tourist spot for long-haul travel passing through.

# Details
## Trade Codes
Agricultural (Ag)
Non-Industrial (Ni)

## Good Starport
Best fuel:: Refined
Annual Maintenance:: Yes
Shipyard Capacity:: Can construct non-starships

## Size
11,200 km
0.9 Gs

Slightly below average. Not classed as low gravity, but flying more common and slightly taller than average plant, and animal, life.

## Atmosphere
Thin, Tainted with 0.43 to 0.7 pressure.

Air filter required to breath.
Tainted: Breathing atmosphere without a filter will cause 1d6 damage every few minutes, or hours, depending on the level of taint.

## Hydrographics
46% - 55% water. Large oceans.

## Population
500,000

## Government
Participating Democracy
The residents of the planet can vote on every decision of the government if they want, otherwise it falls to regional "elders" to vote on behalf of their region.

## Law Level
Low Law.
Not allowed: Portable energy weapons (except ship-mounted weapons)

## Planetoid belts
1

## Gas giants
4
